Update subscriptions.md (#6067)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/get-started/subscriptions.md

The following Harness modules are directly involved in a developer’s day-to-day workflow, and hence consume a developer license for every developer involved.

#### Code Repository (CR)
All users on the Harness Platform, who have permissions to access Harness CR module, will be considered as CR Developers and will consume a license.
#### Continuous Integration (CI)

> All users on the Harness Platform, who have permissions to access Harness CI module, will be considered as CI Developers and will consume a license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All users who have permission to access the Harness CI module on the Harness Platform will be designated as CI Developers and will consume a license.
```

#### Internal Developer Portal (IDP)

> All users on the Harness Platform, who have permissions to access Harness IDP module, will be considered as IDP Developers and will consume a license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All users who have permission to access the Harness IDP module on the Harness Platform will be designated as IDP Developers and will consume a license.
```

#### Software Engineering Insights (SEI)

> All users read from a configured SCM or Issue Management tool, will be considered SEI Developers and will consume a License.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All users read from a configured SCM or Issue Management tool will be considered SEI Developers and will consume a License.
```
